# Fraud Data Generation and Storage

This project simulates the generation of fraudulent data using a Python script. The generated data is stored in a PostgreSQL database and orchestrated using Apache Airflow. The project includes various files and configurations to set up the environment, manage the workflow, and deploy the system using Docker.

## Project Structure

The project consists of the following key components:

- **`dags/`**: Contains the Airflow Directed Acyclic Graphs (DAGs) that define the workflow for data generation and insertion into PostgreSQL.
- **`docker-compose.yaml`**: Defines the multi-container Docker environment, including the Airflow web server, scheduler, PostgreSQL database, and other dependencies.
- **`Dockerfile`**: Contains the configuration for building the Docker image used for running the Airflow services and Python scripts.
- **`folder_creater.sh`**: A shell script for creating the necessary folder structure for the project.
- **`logs/`**: Stores logs generated by Airflow and other system processes.
- **`plugins/`**: Contains any custom plugins or operators used by Airflow.
- **`postgres-init/`**: Initialization scripts for setting up the PostgreSQL database schema and tables.
- **`requirements.txt`**: Lists all the Python dependencies required for the project.
- **`src/`**: Contains the Python scripts responsible for generating fraud data and interacting with the PostgreSQL database.

## Installation

### Prerequisites

Ensure you have the following installed:

- Docker
- Docker Compose
- Python 3.6+ (only required if you're setting up without Docker)

### Steps to Install and Run the Project

1. **Clone the repository**:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/dmj666/Fraud_ETL.git
   cd Fraud_ETL

